As people who lead busy lives, you-all of us have no time to set aside for a house or any other construction. Also, due to lack of knowledge about such a project, the relevant construction project may not be completed properly. We intend to develop the 'Skyline' web application as the best solution for this. We have designed this to make it easier for a construction company to manage their operations. This web application was created by a team of 8 members. We have developed this based on the client's desire and need. We worked hard to achieve the client's desired goal. The most Important thing that the client wanted through this new system was the efficient. By analyzing the requirements, we created the use case Here are all the records of the company . 
We took action to generate a report for every record we enter in the database diagrams, the ER diagram and the high level architecture diagram. So we drew them to get a basic idea. Getting a complete, error-free report when manual is tedious and time consuming.  This will help you to avoid it. We provide salary reports and payment reports of all employees. Therefore, the client can get the required information very quickly. We have worked hard to ensure that the reports made by the Financial Manager are flawless. It also more reliable because all the information stored in a single database. In here we use mongoDB as the database. Several users who manage tasks within the system are given the opportunity to connect to the database.
The project scope consisted of eight main functions. Contract management, Finance management, Crew and Salary management, material management, Employee management, Customer management, architecture management and time and scheduling management. At the end of the development all these scops were covered and completed. Overall, the development team matched the desire of the client. Some out of the box implementations were also done when developing the project, like generating reports to every specific function. Any further updates can be done with this developed system, as an example if the client wants to add more features. When looking at the developed system it can be concluded that the system had been developed in the way the client wanted and some extra features were added by the reference of the client. The project team has work eagerly dismiss all the hardships faced to give a better web application to the client, there were some problems faced by the group when work but still managed to get together and fulfil the goals.
